Just be happy. Li Jiajia,
A relative has a house in a school district. Now I have it too.
I have to let you see my scenery.
Is this a popular Wenjingka place?
First break. Your family has opened a rental house. Why should I do such a fake thing?
This, but the vice president, in order to make me happy,
This is the best at the low end.
A house costs tens of millions.
This is also the house closest to our company.
The vice president must be feeling distressed
I decided to open a greenhouse and get up
You come too
Saving interest is also a good night
He is all alone
This is the best first end
When I was growing up, I sent the gifts directly.
I live in Building 7 and it costs 605
The other vice presidents have all bought them for me.
Say you live in Building 7